TITLE=Account Representative, Search Ads 360, Retail, LCS
DESCRIPTION=Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience in digital advertising, consultative sales, digital media sales, business development, online media environment, or digital marketing role, or 3 years of experience with an advanced degree.
Experience working with advertisers, agencies, or clients.
Experience managing search campaigns using Search Ads 360 (SA360).

Preferred qualifications:

3 years of experience managing digital marketing and advertising campaigns and relationships with customers or agencies.
2 years of project management experience, working in a complex, matrixed organization.
1 year of leadership experience.
Experience optimizing and troubleshooting products or services.
Experience with Google Ads, Display and Video 360, Search Ads 360, YouTube, or similar digital advertising campaigns and platforms.

About the job

Businesses of all shapes and sizes rely on Google’s unparalleled advertising solutions to help them grow in today's dynamic marketing environment. You bring a passion for sales, knowledge of online media, and commitment to maximize customer success. You act like an owner, move with velocity through change, finding innovative and strategic ways to consistently deliver extraordinary and incremental outcomes for both Google and your customers. You build trusted relationships with customers, uncovering their business needs and translating them into powerful solutions to achieve their most ambitious goals. You achieve as a team with sellers, shape the future of advertising in the AI-era, and make a real impact on the millions of companies and billions of users that trust Google with their most important goals.

Google's Large Customer Sales (LCS) teams are strategic partners and industry thought leaders to the world's leading brands and agencies. We continuously challenge how customers think about their business and how Google can support growth. We focus on helping these players navigate profound industry shifts and drive outsized business performance by competitively selling Google's full suite of advertising solutions across Search, YouTube, Measurement, and more. As a member of our LCS team, you'll have the unique opportunity to sell at the forefront of technology, collaborating with executives, influencing market-shaping strategies, and delivering tangible results that significantly impact major global businesses and drive the growth of Google.

Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $108000 - $155000 (USD) + 40% bonus target + bonus + equity + benefits


Responsibilities

Build and manage relationships with clients and develop an understanding of their business challenges, marketing objectives, and success metrics. 
Work proactively and cooperatively with internal and external stakeholders to ensure workflows and projects are completed on time to a high standard. 
Plan for, and achieve, business growth targets, through the presentation of Google advertising products/solutions that will help clients to meet their marketing objectives.  
Develop forward thinking, data-driven analyses and consultative recommendations that align with customer goals, and quantify high-impact opportunities with clear recommendations to present to customers. 
Build an in-depth knowledge of how Google Advertising products work and can be used to help meet a wide range of marketing objectives. 